Filter Metrics test shows results of applied software filters. 

Archives before version 3.4:

  Library well categories show percentage of Library Beads (from Basecaller output):
    Valid         - reads pass all filters, saved and passed on to further analysis
    Polyclonal    - fail polyclonal filter
    Bad key       - key signal doesn't match either library or TF keys.
    HighPPF       - percent positive flows over accepted software threshold
    High residual - fitting residual over accepted software threshold
    Zero bases, Short, Filtered - fail length filters before or after trimming

  Loaded well categories show percentage of Bead wells (from Separator output):
    Library - library key found
    TF      - TF key found
    Dud     - No signal, excluded from analysis
    
  Primary well categories (from Separator output):
    Beads   - beads
    Empty   - empty
    Pinned  - pinned values, excluded from analysis
    Ignored - excluded from analysis based on poor or bad behaved signal


Archives after version 3.4:

Library Well Categorization:
	"Bkgmodel polyclonal" and "polyclonal" – wells identified as polyclonal by polyclonal filter. Only "bkgmodel polyclonal" is currently used, "polyclonal" is deprecated and should always be zero.
	"Bkgmodel high ppf" and "high ppf" – wells identified as "high percent positive flows" by polyclonal filter, which is a murky category that may contain either polyclonal beads with >2 sequences or just very low quality beads. In main report, these count toward "low quality". Only "bkgmodel high ppf" is currently used, "high ppf" is deprecated and should always be zero.
	"Bkgmodel keypass" and "failed keypass" - both refer to reads that were discarded because their key sequence did not perfectly match. We do this check twice, once in Signal Processing ("bkgmodel keypass") and another time in BaseCaller ("failed keypass")
	"short" - reads discarded, because BaseCaller called less than 4 bases (beyond key & barcode)
	"quality trim" - reads discarded because quality trimming (based on sliding-window average of phred qv scores) reduced the size of read below 4 (beyond key and barcode)
	"beverly filter" - reads discarded because beverly filter (auxiliary quality trimming strategy) reduced the size of read below 4 (beyond key and barcode)
	"adapter trim" - reads discarded because adapter trimming reduced the side of the read below 4 (beyond key and barcode)
	"valid" - whatever reads survived the above filters and were saved to BaseCaller's output file (unmapped BAM or SFF in earlier versions)
Loaded well Categorization:
	Library – beads with library key
	TF – beads with TF key
	Dud – beads with no key or key  cannot be reliably determined
Primary well categorization:
	Beads – wells with beads (that did not pin or were ignored)
	Empty – wells without beads (that did not pin or were ignored)
	Pinned – "pinned wells" are wells where A/D converter went out of range. These wells are not processed.
	Ignored – corner wells not fluidically addessable
  
